# Team Project Meeting Minutes – Week 1

**Date:** 21.9.2023  
**Time:** 1.30pm  
**Room:** A8  

## Who Attended

- Jack Scaife
- Calum Lindsay
- Mitchell Odie
- Anna Breimann

## Apologies

- Leanne Jamieson
- Mark Ratter

---

## Minutes

### Meeting Schedule

Agreed to meet either in person or through a Discord call weekly on Thursdays. 

### Project Ideas

The team showed interest in working on output and input applications.

### Set Objectives

The team agreed to have a clear project idea by the end of October.

---

## Actions Points

### For Next Week

- Calum will come in on the 28th of September to educate the team about GitHub. – **Calum**
- Anna will check what project deliverables are needed. – **Anna**

### Research (Everyone)

- Research cheap sensors for input/output.
- Research gesture/touch interfaces.
- Decide between a software application or a web application.
- Find out ideas you are interested in for the project.
- Mitchell to research web frameworks, APIs, etc. for web application.

**Note**: Keep a record of all sources, as these will be useful for the first assignment.

### Resources

List out all the equipment you are willing to use for the project, such as sensors and Arduinos.

---

## Next Meeting

Next meeting will be held on 28.09.2023, at 1.30pm in A8.