# Team Project Meeting Minutes â€“ Week 25

## Details

**Date:** 06.03.2024  
**Time:** 1.30pm

## Attendance

### Present:
- Jack Scaife
- Mitchell Odie
- Calum Lindsay

### Apologies:
- Anna Breimann

## Agenda

1. Reviewing previous sprint
2. Planning next sprint

## Meeting Discussions

### Previous Sprint

Most of the tasks were completed for the previous sprint although all members had difficulties which resulted in a minority of tasks being incomplete. Frontend - Backend communication was not completely resolved and so was discussed. Rota generation task proved difficult and so was reduced in scope for this sprint to allow completion of the task.

**Decision:** Frontend will make 2 seperate calls to the backend. The first will be for the page and the second will be for the data which the frontend will then organize and display.
**Decision:** Input-Output schemas will be jointly maintained by the frontend and backend at the top of php view files. These schemas will document what data is passed in and out of the frontend.
**Decision:** Rota generation will be incrementally improved over multiple sprints to spread out the complexity involved.

### Next Sprint

As we will be a team member down for the next couple/few sprints we discussed what tasks should be prioritised and how the following weeks sprints should be adjusted.

**Decision:** Sprints will be reduced in scope.
**Decision:** Tasks added to the sprint are as follows:

- Schedule interface rough first version.
- Main dashboard list view first rough version.
- Frontend interface for creating and leaving households.
- Frontend and backend integration for creating and leaving a household.
- Update backend to new 2 call based method.
- Upgrade rota generation to account for room and task schedules.
- Upgrade rota generation from generating 1 day of the week to generating a full week if time allows.
- First version of alternative logins.
- First version of password recovery.

### Review of Backlog

We had a review of the backlog to bring up useful ideas people may have had.

**Decision:** Email based notifications was suggested as a potentially simpler solution to the push notification problem and was subsequently added to the backlog.

## Action Items:

1. **All Members:** Follow the [Contribution Guide](https://www.github.com/cogilv25/blob/main/Documentation/Contribute.md) to complete tasks from the Asana Board.
2. **Calum:** Populate Backlog and To-Do columns on the Asana board.
4. **Calum:** Complete meeting minutes for this meeting.

## Other Business
- One of our team members (Jack) is unavailable due to personal reasons for an undeterminable period (~1-4 weeks).
- Meeting time changed to 10:30am as all team members are usually at the meeting room at this time.

## Date of Next Meeting:

- **Date:** 13.03.2024
- **Time:** 10.30am