# Team Project Meeting Minutes â€“ Week 24

## Details

**Date:** 27.02.2024  
**Time:** 1.30pm

## Attendance

### Present:
- Jack Scaife
- Mitchell Odie
- Calum Lindsay

### Apologies:
- Anna Breimann

## Agenda

1. Reviewing previous sprint
2. Planning next sprint
3. Design whiteboard session

## Meeting Discussions

### Previous Sprint

All parties found the workload acceptable, with some minor delays caused for individual team members due to personal circumstances. Concern was raised about the unequal distribution of task completions by team members. Backend tasks were named after pages while they were not necessarily connected to those pages making sub-tasks difficult to name in a consistent manner.

**Decision:** Sprint workloads will generally remain the same with less tasks being added this sprint to allow time for team members to catch up where delays have occured.
**Decision:** Backend tasks will be named after the functionallity or feature they are concerned with.

### Next Sprint

We discussed what tasks should be added to the sprint and how much time different team members felt they could contribute. We discussed maintenance and refactoring work and whether it was worth performing now or waiting till later.

**Decision:** On the frontend the focus is on getting a basic version of the interface operating with mock data.
**Decision:** On the backend the focus is on getting a very basic version of rota generation working.
**Decision:** Some work should be put into deciding how the frontend and backend will communicate so that they can be worked on seperately without significant modification being required later when the 2 approaches taken differ.

### Design Whiteboard Session

We spent some time working through designs on a whiteboard for the following pages:

- Tasks
- Rooms
- Rules
- Schedules
- Admin dashboard / analytics / reports

### Review of Backlog

We had a review of the backlog, this was especially needed due to the recent client meeting.

**Decision:** Some features suggessted by the client were added to the backlog:

- Multiple logical users per physical user task added to backlog
- Ensure Legislative compliance on GDPR and cookie usage
- Allow visual customization of the app with dark mode and colour themes
- Ensure design is fully responsive before delivery
- A mobile app to allow push notifications.

## Action Items:

1. **All Members:** Follow the [Contribution Guide](https://www.github.com/cogilv25/blob/main/Documentation/Contribute.md) to complete tasks from the Asana Board.
2. **Jack:** Populate Backlog and To-Do columns on the Asana board.
4. **Calum:** Complete meeting minutes for this meeting.
4. **Calum:** Complete meeting minutes for the client meeting.

## Other Business
One of our team members (Mark) has left the project this week.

## Date of Next Meeting:

- **Date:** 06.03.2024
- **Time:** 1.30pm