# Team Project Meeting Minutes â€“ Week 26

## Details

**Date:** 13.03.2024  
**Time:** 10.30am

## Attendance

### Present:
- Mitchell Odie
- Calum Lindsay

### Apologies:
- Anna Breimann
- Jack Scaife

## Agenda

1. Reviewing previous sprint
2. Planning next sprint
3. Backlog additions

## Meeting Discussions

### Previous Sprint

Due to pressing assignment deadlines both Calum and Mitchell were not able to commit as much time to the project as hoped and this reflected in the number of tasks completed. Backend tasks were mostly complete, frontend tasks were mostly incomplete, integration tasks were all completed. The tasks remaining were as follows:

- Password Recovery
- Alternative Logins
- Schedule page frontend
- List view for user dashboard

**Decision:** Remaining tasks will be extended into the next sprint and a reduced set of tasks will be added to the sprint.

### Next Sprint

We discussed what tasks should be added to the next sprint. It was pointed out that to reach the first milestone of getting all data into the application we do not need to be processing the data and so certain tasks should be deferred until this milestone has been reached. It was mentioned that quite often small tasks crop up that need to be done before a task on the sprint can be done but do not fit into that task very well and maybe there should be a place for these.

**Decision:** Sprints will contain less tasks that are not compulsary for the achievement of the first milestone. As such the "List view for user dashboard" task has been moved to the backlog.
**Decision** General housekeeping task will be added to each week where small tasks can be created as sub tasks and kept track of.
**Decision** The following tasks will be added to the next sprint:

- Room page frontend-backend integration.
- Task page frontend-backend integration.
- Schedule page frontend-backend integration.
- General housekeeping week 26.

### Review of Backlog

We had a review of the backlog to bring up useful ideas people may have had. It was brought up that although multi admin support was brought up and agreed on in the past it was never added to the backlog. A difficult problem for the frontend design of the application is the rota view for admins as they need to be able to see the final rota's of all users and all rooms, and the schedule's of all users and all rooms as well as being able to adjust things if necessary while the system has to prevent them breaching any rules as they adjust the rota. Due to the amount of data involved an approximation of a solution has not been suggested before, however, a simple solution now suggested is to have 2 tabs for selecting between schedules and rotas then 2 tabs for selecting between users and rooms and finally n tabs/selections in a dropdown for selecting the specific user or room and then the output view can essentially be a full screen view of the data requested. This solution does not allow combining views but seems like a reasonable first approximation.

**Decision:** The following tasks were added to the backlog:

- Ensure project can be run on a traditional LAMP stack.
- Admin rota view/s
- Multi admin support

## Action Items:

1. **All Members:** Follow the [Contribution Guide](https://www.github.com/cogilv25/blob/main/Documentation/Contribute.md) to complete tasks from the Asana Board.
2. **Calum:** Populate Backlog and To-Do columns on the Asana board.
3. **Calum:** Complete meeting minutes for this meeting.

## Other Business
- Meeting day changed back to Thursday, it has been changed around due to scheduling issues for a few weeks but can go back to normal now.
- Due to the Asana trial running out we have lost a few features, with the most obvious being tracking of task priorities.
- As we have no evidence of whiteboard design sessions, maybe we should recreate them and take photos alongside taking photos of future sessions.

## Date of Next Meeting:

- **Date:** 21.03.2024
- **Time:** 10.30am